pretty tired I'm gonna have to take over
soon we've been driving for a half hour
and you haven't looked at the road once
Oh worry it's out there I just need a
lawn chair you need my tree and that
Ross's money yeah okay Ross the street
no no no oh hey I know how we can decide
all right might ask you a bunch of
questions and then you have to answer
real fast okay so clearly my Eric right
out clear it out there okay okay would
you rather be too wet but to drive to
drive you believe in ghosts yes or no no
is this moving in to be my big break no
what yes
if you said no I also said yes you don't
think there's gonna be a big break for
me know haha
I don't believe this look Joel I just I
just don't you get your hopes up too
high you know what are you talking about
I'm the lead in the movie they're not
even paying you so they sound like a
real movie you know I don't need this
okay I don't like it dump it all on my
big break Joe I don't think this is
going to be your big break that why
you're on this trip huh make me feel
like a loser because if it is I tell ya
I'd rather be long oh you don't want me
other trip not if you're gonna be like
this I'll tell you what the next thing I
ask a question like that i'll lie yeah I
don't want you on the trip fun fun what
do you pull over I'll get out right now
yeah you're not actually supposed to
stop on the bridge wait wait there's no
sidewalk yeah I'm gonna die you're